How's Lee? This is a part of the job that you're going to have some people
like this. People considered positive. I just completed, considered
it part off the child. I have to do it. Um, lives is a hassle.
You don't want to get to be gracious in or out of boys and disease.
I was used. You are stingy in war over that hard on the team because
you don't want to be so I didn't do that, I And then this way people
will understand that your fair leader and that's your only when you
come out and say that was wrong, we understand. Don't forget to make
sure you let people know when they got a good job. I wanna hear you
want if you want to hear that you want and that's your team, that
you're responsible